The Taixuan Heart can be condensed
The Taixuan Sword can cut through all the blood in this world
No matter how strong your blood and bones are
It's also the little master of the devil, hurry up
Next is Ye Chen's death
Are you two old things going against me?
It's mine at all
You actually gave him
How is that possible?
Ye Chen, the black sheep, is also worthy of death
Today, thanks to the two of you, the heart of Taiqun was delivered in time.
Otherwise, it might be really troublesome.
Share the clown's worries
It should be.
It's alright, you two get up first
Are you all right?
Brother Su, what are you doing?
Come on. Come on
What should I do? It's cheaper for you.
Cheaper for me is not what you mean by cheaper for me.
Stop touching what are you doing
Don't make a mess, I'll find out you're poisoned
What kind of poison are you doing?
It's not that you can't, no, no, no